the first step in really empowering
yourself the first step in really going
beyond what you thought as possible is
actually to stop judging other people to
stop looking at them and trying to put
them in a box because as you build boxes
to put other people into you inevitably
put yourself into a box as Yoda says
judge me by my size do you
if you're looking at other people and
making judgments about all the external
things you can't help but begin to
signal against yourself you can't help
but begin to see yourself in the
limitations of other people and as you
cram people into those boxes and see
them as these finite incapable beings it
cannot help but reflect back on you so
instead as Han Solo said never tell me
the odds never tell me what box I mean
never tell me what I'm up against never
tell me about your limitations never
tell me about my limitations because
that my friend is what you have to break
free from you have to see past
limitations and the only potential you
can't be looking at what the chances are
that you're going to get through
something you have to know in your heart
apart somehow some way you have prepared
yourself well enough you will get
through this moment you will find
something on the other side you will
reach in and you will find that grit and
you will know at that moment that all of
your preparation has led to this moment
and as long as you've done the work as
long as you've understood that every
moment leading up to this has been about
practice it's been about putting in the
work it's been about having the
discipline to do the things that other
people are not willing to do so when the
game time comes you
ready the only thing the odds could ever
do is hope to you up because you
are capable of the one in a million
you're capable of the one in the billion
you're capable of that because you
forced yourself to be because you
prepared yourself because you got out of
the box because you refuse to see
limitations because the only thing you
focus on is how to develop the only
thing you focus on is your ability to
get better over time for consistency and
practice so remember as Yoda says do or
do not there is no try
there is simply the belief that you're
going to be able to make it happen if
you have the skills that you're going to
be able to execute in those moments if
you let it out you can in those moments
of what you're focused on is a potential
failure then you will fail but in those
moments if you know that you're ready
that you've prepared for that moment but
there is no such thing as luck that you
have everything you need right here in
this moment to be able to execute then
just do it don't hesitate don't wait
don't believe just get in there
and do it
and don't worry about the outcome
because the only outcome is victory on a
long enough timeline the only outcome is
victory when you believe in yourself
enough to keep going the only outcome is
victory when you don't let anything
distract you you close your eyes you
take the shot and there hit it
whether it's one in an inning or not
that's preparation that's readiness
that's showing up
[Music]
may the force be with you